Repo sync for protected CLA branch (#64)
MicrosoftDocs/well-architected: well-architected/mission-critical/mission-critical-application-platform.md

- Data can be processed from Event Hubs by a client using the [Event Processor SDK](/azure/event-hubs/event-processor-balance-partition-load), or by [Azure Stream Analytics](/azure/event-hubs/process-data-azure-stream-analytics).

> - Event Hubs can be deployed in Basic, Standard or Dedicated tiers which provide different performance characteristics and SLA. See [SLA for Event Hubs](https://www.azure.cn/en-us/support/sla/event-hubs/) and [Azure Event Hubs quotas and limits](/azure/event-hubs/event-hubs-quotas) for more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Event Hubs can be deployed in Basic, Standard or Dedicated tiers which provide different performance characteristics and SLA. See [SLA for Event Hubs](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/sla/event-hubs/) and [Azure Event Hubs quotas and limits](/azure/event-hubs/event-hubs-quotas) for more.
```
